.\" Copyright (c) 2015 Bart Massey
.\" This work is licensed under the GPL version 3 or later.
.\" Please see the file COPYING in the source
.\" distribution of this software for license terms.
.TH TAUNET-SEND 1 2015-11-28 "TauNet" "TauNet Utils"
.SH NAME
taunet-send \- TauNet message send utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B taunet-send
.RI [ -p ]
.RI [ -P ] 
.RI [ -c ]
.RI [ -n ]
.I host-address
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This client will send its standard input to a TauNet server,
and listen for a reply message which it will print on
standard output. Note that while the messages will by
default be encrypted / decrypted using CipherSaber-2, they
are not in any way required / checked to conform to the
TauNet protocol. This is useful for debugging. (Watch out
for line endings.)
.PP
When sending to a local address no reply will be listened
for, to avoid messaging loops.
.PP
For encryption, a file
.B key.txt
should be present in the startup directory, containing
a single line comprising an ASCII CipherSaber-2 key.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR -p , --plaintext
Act as a plaintext client, that is, do not do CipherSaber-2
encryption of input or output.
.TP
.BR -P , --ping
Send an empty message and do not wait for a reply. Used to
check for an open service port.
.TP
.BR -c , --cr
Do not do CRLF processing. Normally, input and output are
processed to give UNIX line endings.
.TP
.BR -n , --n-replies " " <count>
Wait for zero or more replies. Output the last reply received.
.TP
.B host-address
This destination address should be a numeric IPv4 address or
a hostname that can be resolved to such.
.SH SEE ALSO
taunet-echo(1)
.SH AUTHOR
Bart Massey
.I <bart@cs.pdx.edu>
.SH LICENSE
This work is licensed under the GPL version 3 or later.
Please see the file COPYING in the source distribution of
this software for license terms.
