.\" Copyright (c) 2015 Bart Massey
.\" This work is licensed under the GPL version 3 or later.
.\" Please see the file COPYING in the source
.\" distribution of this software for license terms.
.TH TAUNET-ECHO 1 2015-11-28 "TauNet" "TauNet Manual"
.SH NAME
taunet-echo \- TauNet echo server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B taunet-echo
.RI [ -p ]
.RI [ -d ]
.RI [ -f
.BR <fail-user> ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This server will listen for a TauNet message and echo it
back as the body of a message sent to the TauNet server
presumptively at the source address of the original.
.PP
When sending to a local address no reply will be sent, to
avoid messaging loops.
.PP
The return message body will consist of a line reporting the
date and time that the request was received and the
requesting IP address, followed by the request message in
its entirety, but truncated to the maximum message length.
If the incoming message is ill-formatted, the return message
body will start with an error report.
.PP
The return message will be listed as from a TauNet user
specifiable on the command line, and will be addressed to
the incoming sender if possible.
.PP
For encryption, a file
.B key.txt
should be present in the startup directory, containing
a single line comprising an ASCII CipherSaber-2 key.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -p
Act as a plaintext server, that is, do not do CipherSaber-2
encryption of input or output.
.TP
.B -d
Do unspecified debugging things.
.TP
.BR "-f " fail-user
Specify a TauNet username that will be the used to form the
"from" and "to" name for failure messages, by appending
"-FROM" and "-TO" respectively. Default is "FAIL".
.SH COMMANDS
.PP
The echo server will process lines beginning with @ at the
beginning of the incoming message body as commands. These
commands allow the client to modify the servers echo
behavior. When the same command is processed multiple times,
the last value seen is used.
.TP
.BI @delay " <secs>"
Makes the server delay for a fractional number of seconds
before replying. The default delay is 0.1. The maximum delay
is 60.
.TP
.BI @replies " <count>"
Makes the server repeatedly send the reply. The default
count is 1. The maximum count is 10. Zero is a legitimate
count. The delay happens before each repetition.
.SH SEE ALSO
taunet-send(1)
.SH AUTHOR
Bart Massey
.I <bart@cs.pdx.edu>
.SH LICENSE
This work is licensed under the GPL version 3 or later.
Please see the file COPYING in the source distribution of
this software for license terms.
