.\" Copyright (c) 2015 Bart Massey
.\" This work is licensed under the GPL version 3 or later.
.\" Please see the file COPYING in the source
.\" distribution of this software for license terms.
.TH TAUNET-NODE 1 2015-11-28 "TauNet" "TauNet Utils"
.SH NAME
taunet-node \- TauNet node client
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BR taunet-node username
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This is an implementation of a TauNet node, featuring a
simplistic command-line interface.
.PP
For encryption, a file
.B key.txt
should be present in the startup directory, containing
a single line comprising an ASCII CipherSaber-2 key.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B username
The username whose messages you want to receive,
i.e. you. Messages from other users will be rejected.
.SH INTERFACE
.PP
.B "taunet-send"
normally is in a mode where it listens for and displays
incoming messages. Hitting the enter key will prompt for
a destination address and then for a message body.
.PP
When prompted for a destination address, you may enter
nothing, in which case the address book will be displayed.
You may enter a TauNet username, in which case the name will
be looked up in the address book. Finally, you can enter a
username and hostname/address, in which case the address
book will be ignored.
.PP
The
message body can be terminated with either '.' or '!'
on a line by itself: the former will silently attempt to
send the message, the latter will abort sending.
.PP
While you are typing a message, incoming messages will be
queued rather than displayed. When you leave message
composition mode, queued messages will then be displayed.
.SH SEE ALSO
taunet-echo(1), taunet-send(1)
.SH AUTHOR
Bart Massey
.I <bart@cs.pdx.edu>
.SH LICENSE
This work is licensed under the GPL version 3 or later.
Please see the file COPYING in the source distribution of
this software for license terms.
